resources/streams.md, before:

# Streams

## Get the specified channel's stream

`GET /streams/:channel/`

### Response

#### If the specified channel is offline

`200 OK` with an empty stream object.

```json
{
  "stream": null,
  "_links": {
    "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/hebo",
    "channel": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/channels/hebo"
  }
}
```

#### If the specified channel is online

`200 OK` with the stream object.

```json
{
  "stream": {
    "game": "StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty",
    "name": "live_user_incontroltv",
    "created_at": "Tue Jul 24 13:22:26 2012",
    "viewers": 3505,
    "updated_at": "Tue Jul 24 15:33:39 2012",
    "channel_id": 20248706,
    "preview": "http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/previews/live_user_incontroltv-630x473.jpg",
    "_links": {
      "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/live_user_incontroltv"
      "channel": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/channels/live_user_incontroltv"
    },
    "_id": 138658440,
    "delay_length": 0,
    "broadcaster": "fme",
    "geo": "US",
    "channel": {
      "name": "incontroltv",
      "game": "StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty",
      "created_at": "2011-02-07T06:24:25Z",
      "teams": [
        {
          "name": "eg",
          "created_at": "2011-10-11T23:59:43Z",
          "background": "http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/team-eg-background_image-089a407eb59fe3b2.png",
          "updated_at": "2012-01-15T19:43:40Z",
          "banner": "http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/team-eg-banner_image-8089b058e6ffe4cd-640x125.png",
          "logo": "http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/team-eg-team_logo_image-53eaf029dad7d5c9-300x300.png",
          "_links": {
            "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/teams/eg"
          },
          "_id": 2,
          "info": "Team Info\n",
          "display_name": "Evil Geniuses"
        }
      ],
      "banner": "http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/incontroltv-channel_header_image-612847bc6f091b50-640x125.jpeg",
      "updated_at": "2012-07-24T20:22:26Z",
      "_id": 20248706,
      "_links": {
        "stream_key": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/channels/incontroltv/stream_key",
        "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/channels/incontroltv",
        "chat": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/chat/incontroltv",
        "commercial": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/channels/incontroltv/commercial",
        "features": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/channels/incontroltv/features"
      },
      "logo": "http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/incontroltv-profile_image--300x300.",
      "mature": null,
      "display_name": "iNcontroLTV",
      "status": "EGiNcontroL: music, commentary and all the stuff that makes rainbows and children possible"
    },
    "status": "EGiNcontroL: music, commentary and all the stuff that makes rainbows and children possible"
  },
  "_links": {
    "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/live_user_incontroltv"
  }
}
```

## Get a list of streams <a id="streams"/>

`GET /streams`

This is a flexible method that allows you to query for multiple streams based on a number of parameters.

### Parameters

- `game` (optional): The game to query.
- `channel` (optional): A list of channel names to query, seperated by commas.
- `limit` (optional): The maximum number of streams to return, up to 100.
- `offset` (optional): The offset to begin listing streams, defaults to 0.
- `embeddable` (optional): If true you'll only get streams which can be embedded. Setting this to false will just drop the flag, because that is a weird thing to do!

#### Get list of Diablo III streams

`GET /streams?game=Diablo+III`

#### Get multiple channels

`GET /streams?channel=incredibleorb,incontroltv`

## Get a list of featured (promoted) streams

`GET /streams/featured`

### Parameters

- `limit` (optional): The maximum number of streams to return, up to 100. Defaults to 25.
- `offset` (optional): The offset to begin listing streams, defaults to 0.

Note that the number of promoted streams varies from day to day, and there is no guarantee on how many streams will be promoted at a given time.

### Response
    
Response has an array of featured streams and paginated links. Each element in the featured array has promotional text, a promotional image, and a nested stream object (see above).

```json
{
  "_links": {
     "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/featured?limit=25&offset=0",
     "next": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/featured?limit=25&offset=25"
  },
  "featured": [
    {
      "image": "http://s.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/hosted_images/therun.jpg",
      "text": "This is the run! Watch as multi-time world record Super Mario 64 gamer, Siglemic, pushes the N64 classic to its absolute limits.",
      "stream": {
        ...
      }
    },
    [...]
  ]
}
```
    
## Summarize streams  <a id="summary"/>

`GET /streams/summary`

### Parameters

- `game` (optional): Summarize streams on a per-game basis.

### Response

```json
{
  "viewers": 194774,
  "_links": {
    "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/summary"
  },
  "channels": 4144
}
```

## Get a list of followed streams

`GET /streams/followed`

**[Authenticated]**

List the live streams that the authenticated user is following.


### Response

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/followed?limit=25&offset=0",
    "next": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/followed?limit=25&offset=25"
  },
  "streams": [...]
}
```

Commit message:

Added channel parameter to /streams/summary

resources/streams.md, after:

# Streams

## Get the specified channel's stream

`GET /streams/:channel/`

### Response

#### If the specified channel is offline

`200 OK` with an empty stream object.

```json
{
  "stream": null,
  "_links": {
    "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/hebo",
    "channel": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/channels/hebo"
  }
}
```

#### If the specified channel is online

`200 OK` with the stream object.

```json
{
  "stream": {
    "game": "StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty",
    "name": "live_user_incontroltv",
    "created_at": "Tue Jul 24 13:22:26 2012",
    "viewers": 3505,
    "updated_at": "Tue Jul 24 15:33:39 2012",
    "channel_id": 20248706,
    "preview": "http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/previews/live_user_incontroltv-630x473.jpg",
    "_links": {
      "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/live_user_incontroltv"
      "channel": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/channels/live_user_incontroltv"
    },
    "_id": 138658440,
    "delay_length": 0,
    "broadcaster": "fme",
    "geo": "US",
    "channel": {
      "name": "incontroltv",
      "game": "StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty",
      "created_at": "2011-02-07T06:24:25Z",
      "teams": [
        {
          "name": "eg",
          "created_at": "2011-10-11T23:59:43Z",
          "background": "http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/team-eg-background_image-089a407eb59fe3b2.png",
          "updated_at": "2012-01-15T19:43:40Z",
          "banner": "http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/team-eg-banner_image-8089b058e6ffe4cd-640x125.png",
          "logo": "http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/team-eg-team_logo_image-53eaf029dad7d5c9-300x300.png",
          "_links": {
            "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/teams/eg"
          },
          "_id": 2,
          "info": "Team Info\n",
          "display_name": "Evil Geniuses"
        }
      ],
      "banner": "http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/incontroltv-channel_header_image-612847bc6f091b50-640x125.jpeg",
      "updated_at": "2012-07-24T20:22:26Z",
      "_id": 20248706,
      "_links": {
        "stream_key": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/channels/incontroltv/stream_key",
        "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/channels/incontroltv",
        "chat": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/chat/incontroltv",
        "commercial": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/channels/incontroltv/commercial",
        "features": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/channels/incontroltv/features"
      },
      "logo": "http://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/incontroltv-profile_image--300x300.",
      "mature": null,
      "display_name": "iNcontroLTV",
      "status": "EGiNcontroL: music, commentary and all the stuff that makes rainbows and children possible"
    },
    "status": "EGiNcontroL: music, commentary and all the stuff that makes rainbows and children possible"
  },
  "_links": {
    "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/live_user_incontroltv"
  }
}
```

## Get a list of streams <a id="streams"/>

`GET /streams`

This is a flexible method that allows you to query for multiple streams based on a number of parameters.

### Parameters

- `game` (optional): The game to query.
- `channel` (optional): A list of channel names to query, seperated by commas.
- `limit` (optional): The maximum number of streams to return, up to 100.
- `offset` (optional): The offset to begin listing streams, defaults to 0.
- `embeddable` (optional): If true you'll only get streams which can be embedded. Setting this to false will just drop the flag, because that is a weird thing to do!

#### Get list of Diablo III streams

`GET /streams?game=Diablo+III`

#### Get multiple channels

`GET /streams?channel=incredibleorb,incontroltv`

## Get a list of featured (promoted) streams

`GET /streams/featured`

### Parameters

- `limit` (optional): The maximum number of streams to return, up to 100. Defaults to 25.
- `offset` (optional): The offset to begin listing streams, defaults to 0.

Note that the number of promoted streams varies from day to day, and there is no guarantee on how many streams will be promoted at a given time.

### Response
    
Response has an array of featured streams and paginated links. Each element in the featured array has promotional text, a promotional image, and a nested stream object (see above).

```json
{
  "_links": {
     "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/featured?limit=25&offset=0",
     "next": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/featured?limit=25&offset=25"
  },
  "featured": [
    {
      "image": "http://s.jtvnw.net/jtv_user_pictures/hosted_images/therun.jpg",
      "text": "This is the run! Watch as multi-time world record Super Mario 64 gamer, Siglemic, pushes the N64 classic to its absolute limits.",
      "stream": {
        ...
      }
    },
    [...]
  ]
}
```
    
## Summarize streams  <a id="summary"/>

`GET /streams/summary`

### Parameters

- `game` (optional): Summarize streams on a per-game basis.
- `channel` (optional): Summarize streams limited to the specified set of channels.

### Response

```json
{
  "viewers": 194774,
  "_links": {
    "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/summary"
  },
  "channels": 4144
}
```

## Get a list of followed streams

`GET /streams/followed`

**[Authenticated]**

List the live streams that the authenticated user is following.


### Response

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/followed?limit=25&offset=0",
    "next": "https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/streams/followed?limit=25&offset=25"
  },
  "streams": [...]
}
```
